README.md, before:

#  Document knowledge base system

## Features
### Topic Version Control and Retrieval:
A topic versioning system for topics where each update does not
overwrite the existing topic but instead creates a new version.
### Recursive Topic Retrieval:
Retrieve a specific version of a topic, given a topic ID, retrieves the topic
and all its subtopics recursively. The response includes a tree
structure representing the hierarchy of topics.
### Custom Algorithms:
A custom algorithm to find the shortest path between two topics in the topic hierarchy.
### Advanced OOP concepts
Abstract classes and interfaces to model the entities and theirbehaviors

Factory (to create different versions of topics),

Strategy (for different user roles and permissions), 

Composite (for hierarchical topics).

##  Tech
```bash
Database: LokiJS embedded NoSQL database
Testing: Jest with Supertest for integration testing
```
##  Getting Started

###  Installation

```bash
npm install
```
###  ⚙️ Configuration
#### Create adminUser.json in the config directory with your initial admin user details:

```bash
{
 "name": "Test User",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "role": "Admin",
  "createdAt": "2023-10-01T12:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2023-10-01T12:00:00Z"
}
```
#### Configure permissions in permissionsData.json (also inside config):
```bash
[{ "role": "Admin", "canCreate": true, "canEdit": true, "canDelete": true, "canView": true },

{ "role": "Editor", "canCreate": false, "canEdit": true, "canDelete": false, "canView": true },

{ "role": "Viewer", "canCreate": false, "canEdit": false, "canDelete": false, "canView": true }]

```
### 🚀 Running the Server
```bash
npm run dev
```
#### Server will start on default port (e.g., http://localhost:1230). You can change this in root index.ts

### 🚀 Running Test
```bash
npm test
```

##  Usage
###  Authentication
#### Add x-api-key to header with user email as the value

```bash
x-api-key: user@example.com
```
###  Routes
#### Users
```bash
POST /api/users - Create a new user
GET /api/users/:email - Get user by email
GET /api/users/:email - Update user by email
GET /api/users - Get all users
```

#### Topics
```bash
POST /api/topic - Create a new topic
PUT /api/topic/:topicId - Update existing topic
GET /api/topic/:topicId - Get a specific topic with tree structure
GET /api/topic - Get all topics with tree structure
DELETE /api/topic/:topicId - Delete a topic
```
##  Extras
### Project Structure
```bash
config - Configuration files and database setup
controllers - API endpoint controllers
middleware - Express middleware (auth, error handling)
models - Data models and interfaces
repositories - Data access layer
services - Business logic
factories - Object creation patterns
utils - Utility functions
tests - Test suite
```
### Error Management
#### Errors are written to a logs folder in the root directory (Make sure the root folder can be writen to). The error files are generated everyday using error-date.log

Commit message:

Added comments to most files, added instruction on how to get the shortest distance. forgot to add this before

README.md, after:

#  Document knowledge base system

## Features
### Topic Version Control and Retrieval:
A topic versioning system for topics where each update does not
overwrite the existing topic but instead creates a new version.
### Recursive Topic Retrieval:
Retrieve a specific version of a topic, given a topic ID, retrieves the topic
and all its subtopics recursively. The response includes a tree
structure representing the hierarchy of topics.
### Custom Algorithms:
A custom algorithm to find the shortest path between two topics in the topic hierarchy.
### Advanced OOP concepts
Abstract classes and interfaces to model the entities and theirbehaviors

Factory (to create different versions of topics),

Strategy (for different user roles and permissions), 

Composite (for hierarchical topics).

##  Tech
```bash
Database: LokiJS embedded NoSQL database
Testing: Jest with Supertest for integration testing
```
##  Getting Started

###  Installation

```bash
npm install
```
###  ⚙️ Configuration
#### Create adminUser.json in the config directory with your initial admin user details:

```bash
{
 "name": "Test User",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "role": "Admin",
  "createdAt": "2023-10-01T12:00:00Z",
  "updatedAt": "2023-10-01T12:00:00Z"
}
```
#### Configure permissions in permissionsData.json (also inside config):
```bash
[{ "role": "Admin", "canCreate": true, "canEdit": true, "canDelete": true, "canView": true },

{ "role": "Editor", "canCreate": false, "canEdit": true, "canDelete": false, "canView": true },

{ "role": "Viewer", "canCreate": false, "canEdit": false, "canDelete": false, "canView": true }]

```
### 🚀 Running the Server
```bash
npm run dev
```
#### Server will start on default port (e.g., http://localhost:1230). You can change this in root index.ts

### 🚀 Running Test
```bash
npm test
```

##  Usage
###  Authentication
#### Add x-api-key to header with user email as the value

```bash
x-api-key: user@example.com
```
###  Routes
#### Users
```bash
POST /api/users - Create a new user
GET /api/users/:email - Get user by email
GET /api/users/:email - Update user by email
GET /api/users - Get all users
```

#### Topics
```bash
POST /api/topic - Create a new topic
PUT /api/topic/:topicId - Update existing topic
GET /api/topic/:topicId - Get a specific topic with tree structure
GET /api/topic - Get all topics with tree structure
DELETE /api/topic/:topicId - Delete a topic
```
##  Extras
### Sortest Distance
#### To find the shortest path, locate the getTopic method in topic.controller.ts and locate this line
```bash
const path = NewUTopicService.findShortestPath(6, 5, topicsArray);
```
#### change the 6 and 5 to the start topicId and the end topic id. When get topic is run the distance would be loged on the console.

### Project Structure
```bash
config - Configuration files and database setup
controllers - API endpoint controllers
middleware - Express middleware (auth, error handling)
models - Data models and interfaces
repositories - Data access layer
services - Business logic
factories - Object creation patterns
utils - Utility functions
tests - Test suite
```
### Error Management
#### Errors are written to a logs folder in the root directory (Make sure the root folder can be writen to). The error files are generated everyday using error-date.log
